Adding Neutron documentation (#401)
subquery/documentation: docs/quickstart/quickstart_chains/cosmos-neutron.md

> # Sei Quick Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Neutron Quick Start
```

## Goals

The goal of this quick start guide is to index all [airdrop claims](https://www.mintscan.io/neutron/wasm/contract/neutron198sxsrjvt2v2lln2ajn82ks76k97mj72mtgl7309jehd0vy8rezs7e6c56) on [Neutron Network](https://www.mintscan.io/neutron/).

::: info

> Sei Network is a chain based on the Cosmos SDK. Therefore you can index chain data via the standard Cosmos RPC interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neutron is a chain based on the Cosmos SDK. Therefore you can index chain data via the standard Cosmos RPC interface.
```
